Update Human Pose Tracking Readme file (#5359)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/python/human_pose_tracking/README.md

  <img src="https://static.rerun.io/human_pose_tracking/37d47fe7e3476513f9f58c38da515e2cd4a093f9/full.png" alt="">
</picture>

> Use the MediaPipe Pose Landmark Detection solution to detect and track a human pose in video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [MediaPipe Pose Landmark Detection](https://developers.google.com/mediapipe/solutions/vision/pose_landmarker) solution to detect and track a human pose in video.

```

## Used Rerun Types
[`Image`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/image), [`Points2D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points2d), [`Points3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d), [`ClassDescription`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/datatypes/class_description), [`AnnotationContext`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/annotation_context), [`SegmentationImage`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/segmentation_image)

## Background

> [MediaPipe Pose Landmark Detection](https://developers.google.com/mediapipe/solutions/vision/pose_landmarker) solutions is used to accurately track the human body pose in both images and videos. Researchers/Developers can gain insights into body pose information in various dimensions, enhance their understanding of human movement and facilitate the development of applications that require precise body pose tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MediaPipe Pose Landmark Detection](https://developers.google.com/mediapipe/solutions/vision/pose_landmarker) solution detects and tracks human pose landmarks and produces segmentation masks for humans. The solution targets real-time inference on video streams. In this example we use Rerun to visualize the output of the Mediapipe solution over time to make it easy to analyze the behavior.
```

# Logging and Visualizing with Rerun
The visualizations in this example were created with the following Rerun code.

## Timelines

> [`Timelines`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/concepts/timelines) functions used to set a continuous and discrete timestamp, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each processed video frame, all data sent to Rerun is associated with the two [`timelines`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/concepts/timelines) `time` and `frame_idx`.
```

```

## Video
The input video is logged as a sequence of 
[`Image`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/image) objects to the 'Video' entity.
```python
rr.log(
    "video/rgb", 
    rr.Image(rgb).compress(jpeg_quality=75)
)
```

## Segmentation Mask

The segmentation result is logged through a combination of two archetypes. The segmentation
image itself is logged as an 
[`SegmentationImage`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/segmentation_image) and
contains the id for each pixel. The color is determined by the
[`AnnotationContext`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/annotation_context) which is
logged with `timeless=True` as it should apply to the whole sequence.

### Label Mapping

```python
rr.log(
        "video/mask",
        rr.AnnotationContext(
            [
                rr.AnnotationInfo(id=0, label="Background"),
                rr.AnnotationInfo(id=1, label="Person", color=(0, 0, 0)),
            ]
        ),
        timeless=True,
    )
```

### Segmentation Image

```python
rr.log(
    "video/mask", 
    rr.SegmentationImage(segmentation_mask.astype(np.uint8))
)
```

## Body Pose Points

> Logging the body pose landmarks involves specifying connections between the points, extracting hand landmark points and logging them to the Rerun SDK.
> The 2D points are visualised over the image/video for a better understanding and visualisation of the body pose. The 3D points allows the creation of a 3D model of the body posture for a more comprehensive representation of the human pose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging the body pose landmarks involves specifying connections between the points, extracting pose landmark points and logging them to the Rerun SDK.
The 2D points are visualized over the image/video for a better understanding and visualization of the body pose. The 3D points allows the creation of a 3D model of the body posture for a more comprehensive representation of the human pose.
```

> The 2D and 3D points are logged through a combination of two archetypes. First, a timeless
> [`ClassDescription`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/datatypes/class_description) is logged, that contains the information which maps keypoint ids to labels and how to connect
> the keypoints. In both 2D and 3D points, specifying connections between points is essential. 
> Defining these connections automatically renders lines between them. Using the information provided by MediaPipe, 
> you can get the pose points connections from the `POSE_CONNECTIONS` set. Second, the actual keypoint positions are logged in 2D
> nd 3D as [`Points2D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points2d) and
> [`Points3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d) archetypes, respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2D and 3D points are logged through a combination of two archetypes. First, a timeless
[`ClassDescription`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/datatypes/class_description) is logged, that contains the information which maps keypoint ids to labels and how to connect
the keypoints.
Defining these connections automatically renders lines between them. Mediapipe provides the `POSE_CONNECTIONS` variable which contains the list of `(from, to)` landmark indices that define the connections. Second, the actual keypoint positions are logged in 2D
and 3D as [`Points2D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points2d) and
[`Points3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d) archetypes, respectively. 
```

  <img src="https://static.rerun.io/human_pose_tracking/37d47fe7e3476513f9f58c38da515e2cd4a093f9/full.png" alt="">
</picture>

# Overview

Use the [MediaPipe](https://google.github.io/mediapipe/)  Pose Landmark Detection solutions to track human body pose in images and videos.

Logging Details:

1. Human Body Pose Landmarks as 2D Points:

   - Specify connections between the points

   - Extracts hand landmark points as 2D image coordinates.

   - Logs the 2D points to the Rerun SDK.
   

2. Human Body Pose Landmarks as 3D Points:

    - Specify connections between the points

    - Detects body pose landmarks using MediaPipe solutions.

    - Converts the detected body pose landmarks into 3D coordinates.

>     - Logs the 3D points to the Rerun SDK.

Reviewer 2: Any reason for the empty lines for each item?

Reviewer 2: Some inconsistencies:
- Period / no period at end
- Inconsistent tense for verbs

usage: main.py [-h] [--video {backflip,soccer}] [--dataset-dir DATASET_DIR] [--video-path VIDEO_PATH] [--no-segment] [--max-frame MAX_FRAME] [--headless] [--connect]
               [--serve] [--addr ADDR] [--save SAVE] [-o]

Uses the MediaPipe Pose solution to track a human pose in video.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --video {backflip,soccer}
                        The example video to run on.
  --dataset-dir DATASET_DIR
                        Directory to save example videos to.
  --video-path VIDEO_PATH
                        Full path to video to run on. Overrides `--video`.
  --no-segment          Don t run person segmentation.
  --max-frame MAX_FRAME
                        Stop after processing this many frames. If not specified, will run until interrupted.
  --headless            Don t show GUI
  --connect             Connect to an external viewer
  --serve               Serve a web viewer (WARNING: experimental feature)
  --addr ADDR           Connect to this ip:port
  --save SAVE           Save data to a .rrd file at this path
  -o, --stdout          Log data to standard output, to be piped into a Rerun Viewer

> ```

Reviewer 3: I suggest we remove this section, because it will very likely code-rot (if we update the code we'll forget to update the README). Just tell the user to run `python examples/python/gesture_detection/main.py --help` and they can read it themselves

# Logging Data

## Timelines for Video

> You can utilize Rerun timelines' functions to associate data with one or more timelines. 

Reviewer 2: "Rerun's timeline functions" instead of "Rerun timelines' functions"?

> As a result, each frame of the video can be linked with its corresponding timestamp.

Reviewer 2: "As a result," seems a bit off to me. As a result of what? I'd probably write sth like: "Using those, each frame can be logged at a specific timestamp to one or multiple timelines."

> Here is achieved using the  `set_time_seconds`  and  `set_time_sequence`  Rerun's functions.

Reviewer 2: Missing "this" and "Rerun's functions" is out of place. How about: "Here we use Rerun's `set_time_seconds` and `set_time_sequence` functions to set a continuous and discrete timestamp, respectively."

```python

def track_pose(video_path: str, *, segment: bool, max_frame_count: int | None) -> None:
    mp_pose = mp.solutions.pose

>     # ... existing code ...

Reviewer 3: nit: we prefer to use `…` everywhere for consistency

```suggestion
    # … existing code …
```

    with closing(VideoSource(video_path)) as video_source, mp_pose.Pose(enable_segmentation=segment) as pose:
        for idx, bgr_frame in enumerate(video_source.stream_bgr()):
            if max_frame_count is not None and idx >= max_frame_count:
                break

            rgb = cv2.cvtColor(bgr_frame.data, cv2.COLOR_BGR2RGB)
            
            # Associate frame with the data
            rr.set_time_seconds("time", bgr_frame.time)
            rr.set_time_sequence("frame_idx", bgr_frame.idx)
            
            # ... logging data ...

```

> ## Keypoint-Connections

Reviewer 2: Skeleton?

The class description contains the information which maps keypoint ids to labels and how to connect

> the keypoints to a skeleton. In both 2D and 3D points, specifying connections between points is essential. 

Reviewer 2: "In both 2D and 3D points, specifying connections between points is essential."
This sentence doesn't make sense to me. "For both ..."; but also its not essential. I'd remove this sentence completely.

Defining these connections automatically renders lines between them. Using the information provided by MediaPipe, 

> you can get the pose points connections from the `POSE_CONNECTIONS` set.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be more useful if this would say what kind of datastructure is contained in POSE_CONNECTIONS.

                keypoint_connections=mp_pose.POSE_CONNECTIONS,
            )
        ),
        timeless=True,
    )

    with closing(VideoSource(video_path)) as video_source, mp_pose.Pose(enable_segmentation=segment) as pose:
        for idx, bgr_frame in enumerate(video_source.stream_bgr()):
            if max_frame_count is not None and idx >= max_frame_count:
                break

            rgb = cv2.cvtColor(bgr_frame.data, cv2.COLOR_BGR2RGB)
            
            # Associate frame with the data
            rr.set_time_seconds("time", bgr_frame.time)
            rr.set_time_sequence("frame_idx", bgr_frame.idx)
            
            # Present the video
            rr.log("video/rgb", rr.Image(rgb).compress(jpeg_quality=75))

            # Get the prediction results
            results = pose.process(rgb)
            h, w, _ = rgb.shape
            
            # Log 2d points to 'video' entity
            landmark_positions_2d = read_landmark_positions_2d(results, w, h)
            if landmark_positions_2d is not None:
                rr.log(
                    "video/pose/points",

>                     rr.Points2D(landmark_positions_2d, class_ids=0, keypoint_ids=mp_pose.PoseLandmark),

Reviewer 2: I think `keypoint_ids=mp_pose.PoseLandmark` is the non-obvious part here that would be nice to highlight in the text before.
